contrib/config/polaris/README.MD, before:

# polaris

Package `polaris` implements GoFrame `gcfg.Adapter` using polaris service.

# Installation

```
go get -u github.com/gogf/gf/contrib/config/polaris/v2
```

# Usage

## Create a custom boot package

If you wish using configuration from polaris globally,
it is strongly recommended creating a custom boot package in very top import,
which sets the Adapter of default configuration instance before any other package boots.

```go
package boot

import (
    "github.com/gogf/gf/contrib/config/polaris/v2"
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/frame/g"
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/os/gctx"
)

func init() {
    var (
        ctx       = gctx.GetInitCtx()
        namespace = "default"
        fileGroup = "goframe"
        fileName  = "config.yaml"
        path      = "testdata/polaris.yaml"
        logDir    = "/tmp/polaris/log"
    )
    // Create polaris Client that implements gcfg.Adapter.
    adapter, err := polaris.New(ctx, polaris.Config{
        Namespace: namespace,
        FileGroup: fileGroup,
        FileName:  fileName,
        Path:      path,
        LogDir:    logDir,
        Watch:     true,
    })
    if err != nil {
        g.Log().Fatalf(ctx, `%+v`, err)
    }
    // Change the adapter of default configuration instance.
    g.Cfg().SetAdapter(adapter)
}
```

## Import boot package in top of main

It is strongly recommended import your boot package in top of your `main.go`.

Note the top `import`: `_ "github.com/gogf/gf/example/config/polaris/boot"` .

```go
package main

import (
    _ "github.com/gogf/gf/example/config/polaris/boot"
    
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/frame/g"
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/os/gctx"
)

func main() {
    var ctx = gctx.GetInitCtx()
    
    // Available checks.
    g.Dump(g.Cfg().Available(ctx))
    
    // All key-value configurations.
    g.Dump(g.Cfg().Data(ctx))
    
    // Retrieve certain value by key.
    g.Dump(g.Cfg().MustGet(ctx, "server.address"))
}
```

Commit message:

modify readme.md ,add License

contrib/config/polaris/README.MD, after:

# Polaris

Package `polaris` implements GoFrame `gcfg.Adapter` using polaris service.

# Installation

```
go get -u github.com/gogf/gf/contrib/config/polaris/v2
```

# Usage

## Create a custom boot package

If you wish using configuration from polaris globally,
it is strongly recommended creating a custom boot package in very top import,
which sets the Adapter of default configuration instance before any other package boots.

```go
package boot

import (
    "github.com/gogf/gf/contrib/config/polaris/v2"
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/frame/g"
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/os/gctx"
)

func init() {
    var (
        ctx       = gctx.GetInitCtx()
        namespace = "default"
        fileGroup = "goframe"
        fileName  = "config.yaml"
        path      = "testdata/polaris.yaml"
        logDir    = "/tmp/polaris/log"
    )
    // Create polaris Client that implements gcfg.Adapter.
    adapter, err := polaris.New(ctx, polaris.Config{
        Namespace: namespace,
        FileGroup: fileGroup,
        FileName:  fileName,
        Path:      path,
        LogDir:    logDir,
        Watch:     true,
    })
    if err != nil {
        g.Log().Fatalf(ctx, `%+v`, err)
    }
    // Change the adapter of default configuration instance.
    g.Cfg().SetAdapter(adapter)
}
```

## Import boot package in top of main

It is strongly recommended import your boot package in top of your `main.go`.

Note the top `import`: `_ "github.com/gogf/gf/example/config/polaris/boot"` .

```go
package main

import (
    _ "github.com/gogf/gf/example/config/polaris/boot"
    
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/frame/g"
    "github.com/gogf/gf/v2/os/gctx"
)

func main() {
    var ctx = gctx.GetInitCtx()
    
    // Available checks.
    g.Dump(g.Cfg().Available(ctx))
    
    // All key-value configurations.
    g.Dump(g.Cfg().Data(ctx))
    
    // Retrieve certain value by key.
    g.Dump(g.Cfg().MustGet(ctx, "server.address"))
}
```

## License

`GoFrame Polaris` is licensed under the [MIT License](../../../LICENSE), 100% free and open-source, forever.
